[OSDOCS-3951]: adding module about sr-iov operator for hosted control planes (#53560)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sriov-operator-hosted-control-planes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/hardware_networks/configuring-sriov-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="sriov-operator-hosted-control-planes_{context}"]
= Deploying the SR-IOV Operator for hosted control planes

:FeatureName: Hosted control planes
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

[role="_abstract"]

> After you configure and deploy your hosting service cluster, you can create a subscription to the SR-IOV Operator on a hosted cluster. The SR-IOV pod runs on workers rather than control planes.

Reviewer: Could go with either "the control plane" or "the control plane machines" here, up to you.

```suggestion
After you configure and deploy your hosting service cluster, you can create a subscription to the SR-IOV Operator on a hosted cluster. The SR-IOV pod runs on worker machines rather than the control plane.
```

.Prerequisites

Before you can deploy the SR-IOV Operator for a hosted cluster, you must link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.6/html/multicluster_engine/multicluster_engine_overview#hosted-control-planes-configure[configure and deploy] the hosted cluster.

> .Procedure

Author: I had the same question when this was reviewed by SME/QE. Both reviewers seemed to think the process was straightforward enough that we didn't need to add more details.

> . Create a namespace and an operator group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a namespace and an Operator group:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: openshift-sriov-network-operator
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: sriov-network-operators
  namespace: openshift-sriov-network-operator
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
  - openshift-sriov-network-operator
----

. Create a subscription to the SR-IOV Operator: 
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: sriov-network-operator-subsription
  namespace: openshift-sriov-network-operator
spec:
  channel: "4.12"
  name: sriov-network-operator
  config:
    nodeSelector:
      node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: ""
  source: s/qe-app-registry/redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----

.Verification

. To verify that the SR-IOV Operator is ready, run the following command and view the resulting output:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> # oc get csv -n openshift-sriov-network-operator

Author: Hi @zhaozhanqi - Can you answer Jeana's question? We're uncertain about whether the user should type `#` or `$` in the commands in this doc. 

This is the doc about adding SR-IOV to a hosted control plane, which you reviewed in the [RHACM repo](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/4278). We decided to move the doc to the OCP docs, so it's undergoing another round of peer review before it gets merged.

> # oc get csv -n openshift-sriov-network-operator

Reviewer 2: it's not related the sriov or ocp.  it depending on the user local is root or normal user. it not's

> # oc get csv -n openshift-sriov-network-operator

Author: Thanks, @zhaozhanqi! In that case, I think we usually use `$` in the OCP docs. I can update the commands accordingly. I appreciate you taking a look.
